[Music]
does it bother you that I'm not too
completely human
you were the most human person I have
ever met
[Music]
didn't I tell you to be home before dark
I just lost track of time
a leader you have to be responsible
[Music]
where someone very special hey kid
not just a teenage girl hey what's your
problem you can't remember what do you
mean doc found you in the scrap yard so
you must be from up there
and I'm just an insignificant girl
that's what they want you to think
I'm not your daughter I don't know what
I am I do you have the most advanced
weapon ever
but that's just a shell it's not bad or
good
that part's up to you
I do not stand by
[Music]
the presence of evil
she's threatening the natural order of
things
tonight is not a game
is a heart
I need you to destroy the girl called
Aleta
we made the biggest mistake of your life
and what's that
under estimating Who I am
[Applause]
[Music]